what's up pickle tech let's do some
chicken wings I got some Franks here
because this is the best damn wing sauce
to use but I got a cold um I put in here
and microwave it set heat up a pan and
it's about enough I'm use margarine
instead of real butter the Walmart
butter because uh I like it better I
don't know one more butter don't taste
like not to me take some of this heat it
up separate if you put it in there you
don't know how much you got
yeah mix together throw that in there
microwave hey for you for you guys I
sent that rough too this is what it
looks like when it comes in when you get
a pound of it cousin Rita comes in this
kind of baggage here
McCarthy spice makes it form so it ain't
like he does it in his house you know
they just do legite and gives you a
sticker you put on your own damn muff
spice container so save your empty spice
jars and put you know I just use one of
them and put the label on just it I
guess is cheaper that way through for
him ship it nerd
so here's the that's what it comes in
not that shrunk FoodSaver deal that I
sent you guys that was just what he does
for sample we get this warmed up oh yeah
when I put the Mad hunt unit in a spice
container I take the rest of it in that
metal bag and I put it in one of these
the shrink wrap deals that will keep the
ship right forever then I just dump it
in Warren and we three seal it up make
it last forever a pound of it'll last me
for a long time but you can make
you can put it on like potato wedges cut
you up a potato put some oil on it salt
and pepper and some add honky and bake
it off in the oven killer my
good stuff you guys can try it if you
got some of that left all right it's one
but got my butter warmed up
margarine I probably look slower I'm
gonna hit it with some garlic
some onion powder you got to have some
this stuff kicks ass a lot of stuff it's
getting the winks off little bit it out
put some salt in it stir it up real good
like garlic hot sauce there you go it's
going to be good so just added a few
things to onion powder and the salt and
garlic easy to do you like it a little
hotter than Franks give you some brother
show this it's Paula Deen stuff is
you just put a little bit in there it's
real hot it's way harder Franks but if
you want it hotter throw some of that in
there this bottle should last forever if
you just mix a little bit let's have us
a beer ain't been drinking as much I'm
trying to lose weight so I figure I like
to eat so got to cut something oh man so
cook it up dolly to drink - so I cut
that up but
if we're going to make chicken wings and
fry them and lard oh yeah we're gonna
drink some beers was that JB says of
lard have the wet lard have you what is
it what the hell do say something lurid
I forget I'm gonna fry them in lard
I got french fries doing lard we're
gonna do right
praise the Lord that's what it is
praise the Lord I like that Corona man
we said sold a 6-pack pretty good we
only have it in courts around here and
that's another thing why can't
Florida have 40 ounces around here I
don't get that we need to write
legislature with the legislators and see
what the hell is going on
backed by two of these but I can't buy
one for it how the hell does that make
sense
anyway start right here we go isn't
doing about 13 minutes so I'm not
cooking the deeper in the Lord
praise Lord
yeah buddy set the whole time YUM
look what I still got a left bunch of
these well by a little over half good
stuff thanks again Matt and all foods
kicks ass
good stuff all right Don yes crispy
chunk of Martinus sauce in there get
more coated good that's it then we'll
get the product for the frozen
you have three minutes
all right oh yeah
YUM
garlic wings
that's good stuff
yeah
or Excel you cook your fries here your
wings aren't so blazing how you can
either
hang on back up
I can't back my zoom out all right get
the idea let's eat all right later